<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">

    <head>
        <title>Video description - error503</title>
    </head>

    <body>
        The video shows the long process of making the game.<br />
        First, more than fifty open browser tabs are visible, common for long programming sessions.<br />
        Then you can see how the developer tries to run the program, hoping that it will work this time.<br />
        While the program is running, the source codes can be seen, how many of them there are and how long they are.<br />
        In the end, you can see how the number of errors and warnings decreases and eventually both become zero.<br />
        Meanwhile, the background music gradually rises and the tempo quickens.<br />
        As the music reaches its climax, you can see that the program has started to run.<br />
        The console lists each point created to draw the terrain one by one (for dramatic effect).<br />
        Finally, "Press Enter to display terrain!" is displayed, then there's a bit of silence and in real life someone
        presses enter.<br />
        After that, the game window appears, where the points just created are displayed correctly and the surface is drawn.<br />
        In addition, colors and lights flash, showing the programmer's joy that the program is finally working.<br />
        The video shows the slow descent of a lunar lander and the words "Coming soon: 2021. 11. 28." referring to the
        assignment deadline.<br />
    </body>

</html>
